Welcome to TurtleGraph v1.2.2!

Operational instructions for Classic Mode:

1. Enter a function. This should look (for example) like "x / 2 + 7". Available
   operators are +, -, *, /, ^ and/or **, and % (modulo). Parentheses function 
   as expected. Available functions are sqrt, cos, sin, tan, acos, asin, atan, 
   radians, and degrees.
2. Enter the minimum and maximum limits (x values) for which the function is to
   be evaluated.
3. Press the Graph button to graph the function.
4. (Optional) Press the Reset button in order to clear the graph window of the 
   results of any previous functions and scale the graph to the xmin and xmax 
   values. Note: This will also close the output window.
5. (Optional) Check the "Show Output" checkbox to show the realtime output of
   the graphing.

Operational instructions for Physics Mode:

1. Enter the magnitude of the projectile, in meters per second.
2. Enter the angle of the projectile. Please refrain from entering values above
   90 or below -90.
3. Enter the origin of the projectile in the format "x,y". 
4. Enter the number of seconds for which you'd like the projectile's motion to 
   be plotted, in seconds. Please note that calculation of the projectile's 
   motion will halt should the projectile come into contact with the x axis. 
   The default value is 100 seconds.
5. Enter the acceleration due to gravity in meters per second per second. The 
   default value is -9.8 meters per second per second.
6. Press the Graph button the graph the motion of the projectile.
7. (Optional) Press the Reset button in order to clear the graph window of the 
   results of any previous projectiles. Note: This will also close the output
   window.
8. (Optional) Check the "Show Output" checkbox to show the realtime output of
   the graphing.

The Menubar:
   
   Save:
      Save Output: 
         This will save the text output of your graphing session as a .txt 
         file.
      Save Graph:  
         This will save the graphical output of your session as a .png file.

   Mode:
      Use this menu to switch between Physics and Classic mode. Data will not 
      be preserved.

   Help:
      Displays the help file you are currently viewing.

   Quit:
      Exits the program.

Troubleshooting:

   Help File Error:
      This error may be caused by a missing, moved or corrupt help file. Please
      repair or replace the help file or, failing that, reinstall TurtleGraph.
   
   Angle Error:
      This error may be caused by entering a number or statement that evaluates
      to greater than 90 degrees or less than -90 degrees. Please choose a 
      number within the 90 to -90 degree range to solve this issue.

   Zero Divison Error:
      Part of your function required the program to divide by zero. Altering 
      the denominators of any fractions or changing the minimum and maximum x
      values may resolve this error.

   Integer Error:
      An invalid, non-integer number or numbers were entered for either the 
      minimum or maximum x values (or both). Entering integers for both these 
      fields may resolve the issue.

   Syntax Error:
      Your function contained invalid syntax. Please refer to the operational 
      instructions for Classic Mode above for a complete list of allowed 
      operations and functions.
	  
   Implied Multiplication Error:
      Your function contained invalid implied multiplication (e.g. "3x" as 
      opposed to "3 * x". Please replace all instances of invalid implied 
      multiplication and try again.
   
   Function does not appear as expected:
      There are a number of possible reasons for this. Make sure the function
      properly follows PEMDAS, and that the function is free of syntax errors
      or invalid implied multiplication.

TurtleGraph was created for The New School in Kennebunk, Maine by Chase 
Stevens. Contact chase@chasestevens.com for questions, comments and concerns. 
Copyright (c) Chase Stevens 2011. All Rights Reserved.


