It's not how many popped collars you have, it's how you use them.
Love a man, even in his sin, for that love is a likeness of the divine love, and is the essence of bromance.
Never look a gift whore in the mouth.
You only live once.
Go big or go home.
Don't chase; replace.
An apple a day keeps the froshes away.
Where there's a keg there's a way.
A man is as broly as he feels.
A bro in need is a bro indeed.
An ounce of discretion is worth a pint of Natty Ice.
If you play lax, you will get laid.
If you think your girl's riding the D train, she's probably riding the D train.
Never look a slam pig in the mouth.
Better to have gotten your tip wet and bounced than never to have gotten your tip wet at all.
Angels don't huff D.
Never third-wheel a bro.
It's kinder to ignore some texts.
Bs with BFs are like soccer; just because there's a goalie doesn't mean you can't score.
Don't be a bitch.
A wingman in need is a wingman indeed.
Girls eating ice cream are more dangerous than a loaded shotgun.
Bros don't let bros tap skanks.
The vinyard vines polo makes the man, but the popped collar makes the polo.
F that B.
All roads lead to the frat house.
Fist-bumps speak louder than words.
Better a 7 today than a 9 tomorrow.
Natty Ice is thicker than water.
Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his Asics.
Bros will be bros.
No one likes a bro-it-all.
Don't mend what ain't broken.
Don't carry bros to Whitecastle.
Don't put all your kegs in one basket.
A bro's house is his castle.
Every bro has his day.
A fool and his honey are soon parted.
Give a man a brofist and you bro-out for a day; teach a man to brofist and you bro-out for a lifetime.
He who fist-pumps last fist-pumps best.
Hell hath no fury like a B scorned.
The house is where the heart is.
Clutch.
A FWB in need is a FWB indeed.
If you don't know them, don't 'bro' them.
The sauce is money.
You do you, I'll do me.
Be real.
Strippers look a lot different once you get them home.
It's better to throw up than give up.
It's not alcoholism until after college.
It's never worth it if you don't get laid.
College is like the fountain of knowledge; people go there to drink.
Work is for people with jobs.
Due tomorrow means do tomorrow.
A university is just a group of buildings gathered around a frat.
Drink to live, but do not live to drink.
If a girl is worth doing, she's worth doing well.
If the wristband fits, wear it.
In the land of the froshes, the sophomore is king.
It takes two to grind.
Let sleeping bros lie.
Lie down with bitches, wake up with fleas.
Like sponsor, like pledge.
Loose lips S D's.
Oats.
Squats.
Oats and squats.
People who live in frat houses shouldn't throw stones.
A still tongue gives a poor head.
To high-five is human; to fist-bump, divine.
Walk softly, carry a big dick.
What you bro is what you reap.
When the broing gets tough, the tough get broing.
Rule numero uno: Don't dip your pen in the company ink.
Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! 
I am Broseidon, king of the Brocean. 
No one retires from the brodeo; the brodeo retires you. 
If there is no immortality, there is no virtue. But if there is no mortality, there is no YOLO.
I find to my amazement that the more I love mankind as a whole, the less I love man in particular; No homo.
Party foul me once, shame on you. Party foul me twice, shame on me.
